It would be really cool to have the processing of ores done in the world instead of in machines and such
For instance the ore you get or rubble would need to be placed inside a multiblock smeltery style settup and then gets turned into something else as a result
	the ability to process certain metals would need to be related to their actual melting points, likely rounded to five tiers
	This would provide the ability to control progression through the tiers of metals and allow you to implement other tiers of iron and alloys
	
The player would be forced to pick blocks up in world and keep track of the smeltery but it would provide more 
	gameplay than simple set and forget stack processing all-encompassing furnaces with no tiers.
	
The smeltery would likely be shaped in a U with a fuel source at the bottom, and some sort of hardened bricks for the walls
	I would likely implement a "tongs" item that the player could use to shift click blocks out of the smelter for use without having to break the walls
	constantly.
	
Outline of mettalurgic history

	Metals:
		Lead: plentiful, very soft and dense, used for early world piping.
		Tin: extruded from cassiterite, hard to find, not great by itself.
		Copper: plentiful, slightly higher melting temp than tin and lead, quite soft.
		Silver: produced as a by-pruduct of processing copper, gold and lead; highest conductivity, used as a catalyst. Most reflective metal.
		Gold: very soft, medium melting temperature. used as conductive solder.
		Iron: very high melting temperature, isn't smelted in a bloomery like the others, turned into bloom and hammered out.
		
	Progression:
	
		Start the game, find means to make a rough rock mallet, obtain tin and copper, native copper is plentiful, cassiterite for tin isn't as much.
		Copper and tin need to be combined into a mixed block and placed in a fueled bloomery, block will convert into a rough bronze. 
		Take rough bronze into the processing table with a mallet to get multiple bronze chunks. Some chunks need to be made sharp, some flat.
		Chunk->flat->sharp with the mallet
		You will need to make the tool head, handle and connector seperately, some tools may need multiple "head" components. This will also
		require some serious mallet making as they will indeed take damage.
		
		Similaryly for the other tools bronze -> wrought iron -> pig iron/regualar iron -> steels (different types)
		
		If you want the Bloomery to be effective at smelting higher temperature materials you will need to use more efficient fuel
		process coal into coal coke, and charcoal... something.
		
		Bloomery and the production of coke will require fire brick - from clay.
		